[Music]
welcome to your castles in the air fill
them wisely loves Marmee I Amy March I
Margaret March
i Elizabeth March i Jo March
it will be a very successful writer and
do all the fans a rich and famous
painter you don't know what it's like to
have everyone else make fun of your
dopes
we'll have a family of my own big
friends and go to parties and talk to
guys our own age I think this is my
castle just being here with all of you
so you're the infamous Lawrence grandson
glorious I wish to propose a new member
to the club every club needs a secret
mailbox welcome to The Pickwick club
Jojo goodbye but you are far more
interesting than what you write that's
definitely a pass for me pass for me as
well
me too sweetie don't think I can compete
for the best writer I know I think it's
about growth and accepting change why do
you even want to get married because I
love him
we're growing up if to do with that
we go through all these stages of
learning and shifting and changing we
become something far from perfect but
perfectly unique the longer it takes for
you to forgive her longer your pain and
last we each have our own path to our
tassels
what's most important is the workings of
your mind your humor your kindness
courage
I'd rather whose every word I ever wrote
than lose you
Oh missed My Little Women you're my
person Vegas bro
Marmee has dad thank you
[Music]
always help each other reach our castles
no matter where they may be
I think that Chris I should still fall
in love with the prince it's not a love
story isn't everything
[Music]